# **Lou Geh Library System**
The library contains one or several copies of the same book. Every copy of a book has a copy number and is located at a specific location in a shelf. A copy is identified by the copy number and the ISBN number of the book. Every book has a unique ISBN, a publication year, a title, an author, and a number of pages. Books are published by publishers. A publisher has a name as well as a location. Within the library system, books are assigned to one or several categories. A category can be a subcategory of exactly one other category. A category has a name and no further properties. Each reader needs to provide his/her family name, his/her first name, his/her city, and his/her date of birth to register at the library. Each reader gets a unique reader number. Readers borrow copies of books. Upon borrowing the return date is stored. 

- A supplier can exist without providing components.
- A component does not have to be associated with a supplier.
- A component does not have to be associated with a product. Not all components are usedin products.
- A product cannot exist without components.


## **Task**
1. Create a prototype based on the attached problem
2. Technologies and design to be used are the following:
    * Backend approach - REST -API
    * API Backend -  NodeJS
    * Database - MySQL
    * Frontend - Basic HTML, CSS and Javascript
3. As for your application documentations you need to provide the ff:
   1. ERD
   2. DFD
4. Provide a ```README.md``` containing the setup guide.
5. The application should be published in Github via forked repository and for final version of your prototype you will need to create a ```Pull request``` in Github .
6. You will send the Github link to us thru our email devops@biotechfarms.com on or before ```February 7 2025```.

    ### **Directory structure**
    ```
    my-rest-api/
    ├── node_modules/                  (Generated by npm/yarn)
    ├── controllers/                   (For handling routes and business logic)
    │   ├── userController.js
    │   ├── productController.js
    │   └── ...
    ├── models/                        (For defining data models)
    │   ├── userModel.js
    │   ├── productModel.js
    │   └── ...
    ├── routes/                        (For defining API routes)
    │   ├── userRoutes.js
    │   ├── productRoutes.js
    │   └── ...
    ├── middleware/                    (Custom middleware functions)
    │   ├── authMiddleware.js
    │   └── ...
    ├── config/                        (Configuration files)
    │   ├── database.js
    │   └── ...
    ├── utils(Optional)/               (Optional utility functions)
    │   ├── validation.js
    │   └── ...
    ├── provisions
    |   └── database.sql                (Database backup)
    ├── app.js                          (Main application entry point)
    ├── package.json                    (Dependency configuration)
    └── package-lock.json               (Generated by npm)
    ========================================================================
    my-front-end-app/
    ├── node_modules/        (Generated by npm/yarn)
    ├── js/
    |   └── app.js           (Javascript scripts)
    ├── css/
    |   └── style.css        (CSS scripts)
    └── index.html           (Entry point)
    ```
    ### **Submission format**
    - Repository should show codebase directory directly **DO NOT PUT YOUR CODE BASE IN A ZIP FILE** use git commands instead to push your code-base and further updates.
    - Prototype's latest version should be the default branch of the repository.
    - Provide a READ.ME file on how to install and deploy your prototype, and its prerequisite, software, sdk(if needed), and driver.
